[virt] DPDK cluster config: Enable AlignCPUs (#69713)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-configuring-cluster-dpdk.adoc

$ oc get performanceprofiles.performance.openshift.io profile-1 -o=jsonpath='{.status.runtimeClass}{"\n"}'
----

> . Set the previously obtained `RuntimeClass` name as the default container runtime class for the `virt-launcher` pods by editing the `HyperConverged` CR:

Reviewer: Because this is the first instance of "CR", I would suggest keeping it as it was previously, spelling out custom resource (CR)

$ oc patch hyperconverged kubevirt-hyperconverged -n {CNVNamespace} \
    --type='json' -p='[{"op": "add", "path": "/spec/defaultRuntimeClass", "value":"<runtimeclass-name>"}]'
----

> . In case your DPDK-enabled worker nodes are using SMT (Simultaneous multithreading), enable the `AlignCPUs` enabler by editing the `HyperConverged` custom resource (CR):

Author: Also changed the end of the previous instruction to match.

+
[source,terminal,subs="attributes+"]
----
$ oc patch hyperconverged kubevirt-hyperconverged -n {CNVNamespace} \
    --type='json' -p='[{"op": "replace", "path": "/spec/featureGates/alignCPUs", "value": true}]'
----
+
[NOTE]
====
Editing the `HyperConverged` CR changes a global setting that affects all VMs that are created after the change is applied.

> Enabling `AlignCPUs`, allows KubeVirt to request up to two additional dedicated CPUs in order to complete the total CPU count to an even parity when using

Author: This is done automatically by KubeVirt, no user involvement required.

> Enabling `AlignCPUs`, allows KubeVirt to request up to two additional dedicated CPUs in order to complete the total CPU count to an even parity when using

Reviewer: Okay, suggestion to change KubeVirt to {VirtProductName} which will render as "OpenShift Virtualization" in the published doc. Plus, a couple of minor edits.

```suggestion
Enabling `AlignCPUs` allows {VirtProductName} to request up to two additional dedicated CPUs to bring the total CPU count to an even parity when using
```

> Enabling `AlignCPUs`, allows KubeVirt to request up to two additional dedicated CPUs in order to complete the total CPU count to an even parity when using

Author: Done.
